The only area that I think is going to require a lot of attention from us, and then I've come up with the hypothesis of creating a ministry. It is in the area of ??... In the area ... I would say so, as a kind of analogy to what happens in the agricultural area.

The population needs the Free Zone of Manaus, because in the Free Zone of Manaus, it is not an export zone, it is an area for Brazil. So it has a purpose, it avoids deforestation, which is highly profitable. Tearing down trees from nature is very lucrative!

All descriptions of people are about the humanity of care, the person picks up the wrist, examines, looks with care. So I think there will be something else, that the Cuban doctors brought to Brazil, a high degree of humanity.

I give money to my daughter. I give her money to travel, so it's ... it's ... I've lived a lot without money, I've lived a lot with money. -Journalist: Put this money in the savings that you earn $ 10,000 a month. -Dilma: What is $ 10,000?

In my xinélo of humility I would like very much to see the Neymar and the Goose. Why I think .... 11 out of 10 Brazilians would like it. You see, I've seen, I've stopped seeing. I've seen it again, and I think Neymar and Goose have that ability to make us look.

First I wanted to greet the netizens. -Oi Internauts! Then say that the environment is undoubtedly a threat to sustainable development. And that means it's a threat to the future of our planet and our countries. Unemployment is at 20%, or 1 in 4 Portuguese.

If today is the day of the children ... Yesterday I said: the day of the child is the day of the mother, the parents, the teachers, but it is also the day of the animals, whenever you look at a child, there is always a hidden figure , which is a dog behind. Which is something very important!

Then you say the following: "But did you finish this?" I'll tell you: "No, it's in progress!" There are works that "will" last until after 2010. Now, for this reason, we do not already design, do not we begin to do project of what "we can do"? 11, 12, 13, 14 ... Why not?